README.md, before:

# gulp-regex-replace [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]

> [gulp](http://gulpjs.com) plugin to replace your code using regular expressions.

## Install

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-regex-replace
```

## Usage

```js
var gulp = require('gulp');
var replace = require('gulp-regex-replace');

gulp.task('default', function () {
	return gulp.src('test.js')
		.pipe(replace({regex:'Lorem', replace:'DeLorean'}));
});
```

## API

### replace(options)

#### options.regex

Type: `String`

Default: ` `

Values: `word`, `__v_[_A-Za-z0-9]+__`, `.(abc).`,  `...`

The regular expresion used to match words that should be replaced.

If the regular expression contains groups (denoted by a value within parenthesis)
then only the groups will be replaced rather than the entire matching string.

#### options.replace

Type: `String` or `Method`

Default: `''`

Values: `DeLorean`, `Lorem`, `function(match) { return 'DeLorean'; }`, `...`

The replace string or method.

If a method is given then the result of that method will be the replace string.
The input to that method will be the string matching the regular expression.

## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) © Mike Groseclose

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-regex-replace
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/gulp-regex-replace.png

[travis-url]: http://travis-ci.org/mikegroseclose/gulp-regex-replace
[travis-image]: https://secure.travis-ci.org/mikegroseclose/gulp-regex-replace.png?branch=master

Commit message:

add ability to use arrays of regular expressions to find replace strings

README.md, after:

# gulp-regex-replace [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]

> [gulp](http://gulpjs.com) plugin to replace your code using regular expressions.

## Install

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-regex-replace
```

## Usage

```js
var gulp = require('gulp');
var replace = require('gulp-regex-replace');

gulp.task('default', function () {
	return gulp.src('test.js')
		.pipe(replace({regex:'Lorem', replace:'DeLorean'}));
});
```

## API

### replace(options)

#### options.regex

Type: `String or Array of Strings`

Default: ` `

Values: `word`, `__v_[_A-Za-z0-9]+__`, `.(abc).`, `[ 'var(.*?;)', '([a-zA-Z_$]+)[, =;]' ]`, `...`

The regular expresion (or array of regular expressions) used to match words to be
replaced.  If an array is provided then the string to be replaced will be the cumulative
result of the regular expressions.

If the regular expression contains groups (denoted by a value within parenthesis)
then only the groups will be replaced rather than the entire matching string.

#### options.replace

Type: `String` or `Method`

Default: `''`

Values: `DeLorean`, `Lorem`, `function(match) { return 'DeLorean'; }`, `...`

The replace string or method.

If a method is given then the result of that method will be the replace string.
The input to that method will be the string matching the regular expression.

## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) © Mike Groseclose

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-regex-replace
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/gulp-regex-replace.png

[travis-url]: http://travis-ci.org/mikegroseclose/gulp-regex-replace
[travis-image]: https://secure.travis-ci.org/mikegroseclose/gulp-regex-replace.png?branch=master
